Chengdu Uni-link Energy Development Co,.Ltd, founded at Nov 11th, 2010, is an enterprise specializing in the storage system of the new energy industry. Through independent research and development, the performance of traditional batteries is improved here, and breakthroughs has been made in the reliability and usability of our products, with relevant patents acquired.

Uni-link collected administrative staff and technicist with years of experience in energy system, many of them from Tsinghua University, Xi'an Jiaotong University, Sun Yat-sen University and so. With the help of research institutes of prestigious academies all over the country, the company has become one of the leading energy solution provider in the southwest region. Currently the company has been issued 7 Patents for Invention,  9 for Utility, another 18 to be granted, and 6 PCT patents. The products of Uni-link has taken over 50% of the market of RV energy storage batteries and cleaning equipment. In 2015 it passed the National High and New Tech Enterprise Identification. The Subordinate company, Lvbiao, has begun its battery retailing and rental service all over the world, and has set up its European Branch in the Netherlands and North America Branch in Michigan via agents.

Here at Uni-link people work in a relaxing environment. Both of the CEO and the COO are amiable and responsible, and frequently they take us out into the wlid on RVs.

Travelling experience and social activities are provided abundantly,and so are the chance to know
 about Sichuan province and to learn Chinese culture.

成都宇能通能源开发有限公司成立于2010年11月11日，是一家专业从事新能源储能系统产品的企业。公司通过自主研发，对传统电池系统进行了改进，完成了对电池系统可靠性、易用性的技术突破，并成功取得了相关专利。

公司汇集了有着多年能源系统经验的技术人员，有清华大学、西安交通大学、中山大学等院校的多名技术和管理人员。公司以省内外多所名牌高校的科研机构为技术依托，在短短的时间内已经成为了西南地区最专业的电池应用分布式能源解决方案服务商之一。公司目前获得授权的发明专利共7项，实用新型专利9项，受理中的发明共18项，pct国际专利申请6项。公司在2015年度通过国家高兴技术企业认定。旗下绿标科技生产的锂电池已经在全球范围内开始出租出售，通过代理商目前已经在荷兰建立了欧洲分部，在美国密歇根建立了北美分部。

上班气氛轻松，CEO和COO都非常亲切、负责，周末经常开上房车带我们出去露营。公司提供丰富的旅游体验和社交活动，以及了解四川，学习中国文化的机会。
